Title:Patterns in Confusing Explanations
links:https://jvns.ca/blog/confusing-explanations/
Votes:203

Title:Facebook hacker beat my 2FA, bricked my Oculus, and hit the company credit card
links:https://codewriteplay.com/2021/08/20/a-facebook-hacker-beat-my-2fa-bricked-my-oculus-quest-and-hit-the-company-credit-card/
Votes:812

Title:Collaborative filtering doesn't work for us
links:https://about.chatroulette.com/posts/better-match-making-part-1/
Votes:134

Title:Index 1.6B Keys with Automata and Rust
links:https://blog.burntsushi.net/transducers/
Votes:132

Title:Don't attach tooltips to document.body
links:https://atfzl.com/don-t-attach-tooltips-to-document-body
Votes:131

Title:Show HN: Duedilly.io � Accuracy of Reddit Trading Ideas
links:http://duedilly.io/
Votes:144

Title:FFmpeg for browser and Node, powered by WebAssembly
links:https://ffmpegwasm.netlify.app/
Votes:236

Title:Court rules California's Prop. 22 on Uber, Lyft drivers unconstitutional
links:https://www.sacbee.com/news/politics-government/capitol-alert/article253647838.html
Votes:224

Title:An inside look at the custom CPUs in Tesla's Dojo Supercomputer
links:https://semianalysis.com/tesla-dojo-ai-super-computer-unique-packaging-and-chip-design-allow-an-order-magnitude-advantage-over-competing-ai-hardware/
Votes:117

Title:Generics enabled by default in Go tip
links:https://go-review.googlesource.com/c/go/+/343732/
Votes:196

Title:Patterns in Confusing Explanations
links:https://jvns.ca/blog/confusing-explanations/
Votes:203

Title:Facebook hacker beat my 2FA, bricked my Oculus, and hit the company credit card
links:https://codewriteplay.com/2021/08/20/a-facebook-hacker-beat-my-2fa-bricked-my-oculus-quest-and-hit-the-company-credit-card/
Votes:812

Title:Collaborative filtering doesn't work for us
links:https://about.chatroulette.com/posts/better-match-making-part-1/
Votes:134

Title:Index 1.6B Keys with Automata and Rust
links:https://blog.burntsushi.net/transducers/
Votes:132

Title:Don't attach tooltips to document.body
links:https://atfzl.com/don-t-attach-tooltips-to-document-body
Votes:131

Title:Show HN: Duedilly.io � Accuracy of Reddit Trading Ideas
links:http://duedilly.io/
Votes:144

Title:FFmpeg for browser and Node, powered by WebAssembly
links:https://ffmpegwasm.netlify.app/
Votes:236

Title:Court rules California's Prop. 22 on Uber, Lyft drivers unconstitutional
links:https://www.sacbee.com/news/politics-government/capitol-alert/article253647838.html
Votes:224

Title:An inside look at the custom CPUs in Tesla's Dojo Supercomputer
links:https://semianalysis.com/tesla-dojo-ai-super-computer-unique-packaging-and-chip-design-allow-an-order-magnitude-advantage-over-competing-ai-hardware/
Votes:117

Title:Generics enabled by default in Go tip
links:https://go-review.googlesource.com/c/go/+/343732/
Votes:196

Title:Patterns in Confusing Explanations
links:https://jvns.ca/blog/confusing-explanations/
Votes:203

Title:Facebook hacker beat my 2FA, bricked my Oculus, and hit the company credit card
links:https://codewriteplay.com/2021/08/20/a-facebook-hacker-beat-my-2fa-bricked-my-oculus-quest-and-hit-the-company-credit-card/
Votes:815

Title:Collaborative filtering doesn't work for us
links:https://about.chatroulette.com/posts/better-match-making-part-1/
Votes:134

Title:Don't attach tooltips to document.body
links:https://atfzl.com/don-t-attach-tooltips-to-document-body
Votes:133

Title:Index 1.6B Keys with Automata and Rust
links:https://blog.burntsushi.net/transducers/
Votes:133

Title:Show HN: Duedilly.io � Accuracy of Reddit Trading Ideas
links:http://duedilly.io/
Votes:145

Title:FFmpeg for browser and Node, powered by WebAssembly
links:https://ffmpegwasm.netlify.app/
Votes:237

Title:Court rules California's Prop. 22 on Uber, Lyft drivers unconstitutional
links:https://www.sacbee.com/news/politics-government/capitol-alert/article253647838.html
Votes:225

Title:An inside look at the custom CPUs in Tesla's Dojo Supercomputer
links:https://semianalysis.com/tesla-dojo-ai-super-computer-unique-packaging-and-chip-design-allow-an-order-magnitude-advantage-over-competing-ai-hardware/
Votes:117

Title:Generics enabled by default in Go tip
links:https://go-review.googlesource.com/c/go/+/343732/
Votes:198

Title:Patterns in Confusing Explanations
links:https://jvns.ca/blog/confusing-explanations/
Votes:203

Title:Facebook hacker beat my 2FA, bricked my Oculus, and hit the company credit card
links:https://codewriteplay.com/2021/08/20/a-facebook-hacker-beat-my-2fa-bricked-my-oculus-quest-and-hit-the-company-credit-card/
Votes:815

Title:Collaborative filtering doesn't work for us
links:https://about.chatroulette.com/posts/better-match-making-part-1/
Votes:134

Title:Don't attach tooltips to document.body
links:https://atfzl.com/don-t-attach-tooltips-to-document-body
Votes:133

Title:Index 1.6B Keys with Automata and Rust
links:https://blog.burntsushi.net/transducers/
Votes:133

Title:Show HN: Duedilly.io � Accuracy of Reddit Trading Ideas
links:http://duedilly.io/
Votes:145

Title:FFmpeg for browser and Node, powered by WebAssembly
links:https://ffmpegwasm.netlify.app/
Votes:237

Title:Court rules California's Prop. 22 on Uber, Lyft drivers unconstitutional
links:https://www.sacbee.com/news/politics-government/capitol-alert/article253647838.html
Votes:225

Title:An inside look at the custom CPUs in Tesla's Dojo Supercomputer
links:https://semianalysis.com/tesla-dojo-ai-super-computer-unique-packaging-and-chip-design-allow-an-order-magnitude-advantage-over-competing-ai-hardware/
Votes:117

Title:Generics enabled by default in Go tip
links:https://go-review.googlesource.com/c/go/+/343732/
Votes:198

Title:Manim: An animation engine for explanatory math videos
links:https://github.com/ManimCommunity/manim
Votes:508

Title:Another free CA as an alternative to Let's Encrypt
links:https://scotthelme.co.uk/heres-another-free-ca-as-an-alternative-to-lets-encrypt/
Votes:599

Title:Golang.org will be merged into go.dev
links:https://go.dev/blog/tidy-web
Votes:114

